= Minutes 4/16/09 =

== What We Worked On This Week ==

=== Mike ===
  * Put most of the data into the database for the Red Cross.
  * Talked to Rebecca about the multiple names problem.  She said to leave it as it is right now (they will distinguish the locations based on address/phone number).
  * Put what was on the SVN onto the main disaster site.  Communicated with Rebecca and Jackie so they can look at it and see if anything is broken.
  * Found two errors (Mark fixed?):
  ** Adding a resource (just reloads page)
  ** General person search doesn't return anything (just a white screen)

=== Mark ===
  * Logging is done
  ** Can see log through person, organization, or resource.
  ** Displays user/time
  ** Most recent changes listed at top of log

=== Brian ===
  * Unlinking completed
  * Website does not have the ability to change a person's role in the organization but there is a work around for right now.

=== Juniors ===
  * ER Diagram for next semester
  ** Link from disaster - part of sub domain
  * Fixed the center-alignment on the search pages
  * Decided to stick with HTML, CSS does not seem necessary/not fully supported by IE.
  * PowerPoint created to show underclassmen

== What Needs To Be Done ==

  * Conference call with the Red Cross?
  ** Only if they need help

=== Everyone ===
  * Test
  ** Run through every single possible function, try to break things
  ** Run tests on Development
  ** Post to issues - if you know how to fix the problem, fix it.  If you don't, send an email to the group.

  * Contact professors about presentation to underclassmen
  ** Juniors contact Stan Yoder (Logic Design)
  ** Seniors present to freshmen class

  * Need to work on writing one paragraph write-up

=== Mike ===
  * Copy the database over to the testdb
  * Document database design (make sure everything matches)
  * Round out site map

=== Mark ===
  * Document Google Code details

=== Brian ===
  * Continue to work on the user's manual

=== Juniors ===
  * Document how to use the oneeach site (all the backend information)