#summary One-Minutes from the weekly meeting on February 12, 2009

= Status Update from last week =

=== User Management - Mike ===
  * New section for Admin only on the homepage
     * Add user.  Input boxes for username, password, email, access level.
     * Emails sent, 1 with username, 1 with password to the email address on the new account.
  * Forgotten Info pages
     * Forgotten username --> sends the username associated with the provided email address (if valid)
     * Forgotten password --> sends a new (temporary) password to the email associated with the account of the entered username.
  * Update User Information page
     * Can change the password or the email address associated with the current account.

=== Access Levels - Mark ===
  * All pages check the session variable "access_level_id" and the options on the homepage are wrapped so that they will not be displayed 
  * Do we want to change the iframe navigation bar so that it only 
  *  Add an "Access Denied" page?

=== Input Validation - Matt ===
  * Now works - had wrong "config" directory
  *  PHP print errors - see wiki post for exact syntax
  * Now only working on addperson2.php
    * once generalized, will apply to the other pages.

=== Directed to Info Page - Bryan ===
  * Works only on addorganization page right now, but ugly implementation.
  * Will port to other pages soon.

=== Connecting Existing Pieces - Bryan ===
  * The organization info and person info can link to existing resources or organizations

=== The BLOB - Chris and Alyssa ===
  * Auto_increment questions
  * How do we link the organizations?  Give a dropdown, scrollbar, link from the organization info page?
       * Link from organizationinfo.php page.
       * Downloadable only by Admin users.

= Meeting Notes =

=== State of SVN ===
  * Make the SVN structure similar to OneEach?  (i.e. dev, pre-prod, prod)
  * Decision:  Keep SVN as is, but run a script to change the Development directory any time you do a "commit"
  * Now only working in Development folder on OneEach.  Deleted "sandbox"

=== Issues Section of Google Code ===
  * Maintain status of what everyone is working on.
      * Can comment on other's work between meetings.
      * Keeps professor Madey informed.
      * Allows individuals to post "site-wide" issues.

=== Passwords ===
  * 6-15 characters, alpha numeric and symbols
  *  What level of security to we want to achieve?  Question to ask Red Cross.

=== AutoRedirection ===
  * Use meta headers instead of javascript.

=== Discussion topics with Ms. Lincoln Next week? ===
*Next week!  Thursday February 19 @ 3:45 pm.  Meet outside Legends @ 3:20 pm*
  * Introduce new members
  * Show where we are right now.
  * Tell exactly what we will be giving them after spring break
       * More Secure, robust, database pretty much as it was before
  * Pressing improvements for this distribution?

= Assignments this week =

=== Validation - Matt ===
  * Work on redirection (getting post variables to work correctly)
  * More datatype checking with regular expression
  * Port to other checking pages

=== BLOB - Alyssa & Chris ===
  * Continue working on the facility survey and statement of understanding pages

=== Info pages - Mark ===
  * On the info pages, display different screens based on insert vs. search permissions.

=== Search Pages ===
  * Add general search and search by person - *Bryan & Mark*
  * Search results - *Mike*
       * index results (display 1-20, 20-40, etc).

=== User Management - Mike ===
  * Clean up and finish any loose ends
  * Add a page to change the access level by administrators
  * Delete users page



